[terra-avatar] Changed Shared user variant to Generic Avatar variant (#2620)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-avatar/docs/generic.md

# Generic

> The `Generic` variant represents multiple variants like `single-user`, `shared-user`, `provider` - it displays a specified variant user icon in a circular frame.

Reviewer: nitpick
```suggestion
The `Generic` variant toggles between different, generic persons - `single-user`, `shared-user`, or `provider`.
```
